[3.15] gh-109503: Fix document for shutil.move() on usage of os.rename() since it's inaccurate (GH-109507) (#150611)
python/cpython: Doc/library/shutil.rst

   If *dst* already exists but is not a directory, it may be overwritten
   depending on :func:`os.rename` semantics.

   :func:`os.rename` is preferably used internally when *src* and the destination are on
   the same filesystem. In case :func:`os.rename` fails due to :exc:`OSError`

>    (e.g. the user has write permission to the destination file but not to its parent

Reviewer: Avoid Latin abbreviations: https://devguide.python.org/documentation/style-guide/#use-simple-language
```suggestion
   (for example, the user has write permission to the destination file but not to its parent
```
